Core 2 study notes
----------------------

Which of the following operating system types would work well in a office
environment? - Home client - The market for operating systems is divided into
four main sectoins. A home client uses an operating system designed to work on
a standalone or a workgroup PC in a home or small office.

A user has an older MIcrosoft Surface tablet for use while traveling. You are
having difficulty installing company specific software. Which operating system
does this tablet likely have? - Windows RT - Windows RT is early early
tablet-oriented OS that was introduced along with Windows 8. Windows RT only
runs on ARM CPU powered devices. PC compatible software is typically designed
for the x86 architecture and not ARM.

An OS provides an interface between defined components. Which of the following
is NOT one of those components? - Security - Security applies to all aspects
of computing including best practices, software updates, antivirus and more.
However, it is not an interface component that defines an operating system.

A user has been working in an application on Windows 10. They would like the
user to continue the work on a Windows  7 PC. It turns out the application is
not available for Windows 7. What type of application is not available for
Windows 7 PC. What type of application might it be? - Universal application -
A universal application is an application type in Windows 10. Universal
applications use an API for use accross Windows 10, WIndows 10 Mobile, and
XBOX devices. A universal app is obtained from the Microsoft store app.
Windows 7 does not support these application.

You have upgrade your Windows 7 PC from 4 GB of RAM to 8 GB of RAM byt
replacing the memory modules. When looking at the PCs system properties in
Windows, only 4 GB is available. What would be the likely reason the full 8 GB
is not available? - The operating system is 32-bit. - Windows 32-bit operating
systems have a 4 GB RAM limitation. For the system to access 8 GB of RAM, it
would be need to be running a 64-bit operating system. A 32-bit Windows
operating system cannot be upgraded to a 64-bit version so a fresh install
would be requied.

A user has an older Microsoft surface tablet for use hwile traveling. You are
having difficulty installing company specific software. Which operating system
does this tablet likely have? - Windows RT - Windows RT (Run Time) is an
early-tablet oriented tablet OS that was introduced along with Windows 8.
Windows RT only runs on ARM CPU powered devices. Pc compatible software is
typically designed for the x86 and NOT ARM.

The company's owern would like to purchase a very lightweight system to be
used while traveling. There is no need to join a Windows domain or to have an
ybusiness soft2ware other than Microsoft Office. What operating system do you
recommend? - Android - An Android device would suit the business owner. A
tablet device would be extremely lightweight and would support the need to use
Microsoft.

You are working on a Windows PC with multiple hard disks. The system is not
booting off the correct disk. You've determined that the hardware boot order
is correct. What next step could you take in Windows? - Set the active
partition. - An active partition sets where the system should boot from. When
a partition is marked as active, the eboot sector is populated with a record
that points to the Windows boot loader. The disk management tool can be used
to modify partitions.

How many extended partitions can be created on a MBR-type (Master Boot Record)
partitioned hard drive? - 1 - Only one extended partition is allowed on a hard
drive. An extended partition is not formatted like a primary partition is. An
extended partition is divided into segments know as logical drives.

What partition type is bootable and can be marked as active? - Primary -
Primary partitions are bootable partitions. A MBR-type (Master Boot Record)
partition can have up to four primary partitions. A primary partition can be
marked as active, meaning it will be the boot partition.

A user's PC is experiencing severe sluggishness. You decide to try a reinstall
of the operating system but want to keep user settings and personal files.
which of the below do you try? - Refresh - A system refresh is an option that
was added beginning with Windows 8. With a system refresh. Windows is
reinstalled while keeping certain settings and personal files intact.

You are setting up a Windows 10 PC. You plan on partitioning a hard drive. How
many partitions can be created on the disk when using MBR-style partitions? -
4 - When using MBR - style (Master Boot Record) partitions, up to four primary
partitions can be created. Only one of those partitions may be marked as
active.

You would like to make changes to a Windows file system for an international
user. With which settings app can you change the date and time format? -
Region -The region settings app allows a user to change the country or regoin.
This impacts Windows ability to offer local content based on location. The
regional format can also be changed here which adjusts the date and time
format.

You are considering setting up a Windows multi-boot system with a few
different Windows operating systems. You are deciding between Master Boot
Record (MBR) type and GUI Partition table (GPT) type partitions. What are the
limitations with the MBR type partition? - Limitations of disk sizes up to 2
TB and up to four partitions.- Master Boot Record (MBR) type partitions have
limitations of disk sizes up to 2 TB and four primary partitions. The newer
GUID Partition Table (GPT) enables drives greater than 2 TB and 128
partitions.

You have a Windows 10 system that has failed. It turns out that the operating
system did not come with an media. What reinstallation method would be best to
try first? - Recovery partition - A recovery partition is a special partition
on a PC system's hard drive that contains the original factory software,
including the oprerating system and preinstalled device drivers. Booting from
the recovery partition initiates an out of the box installation.

Whic file system is a technical standard that is referred to as ISO 9660? -
CDFS - CDFS (CD File System) is a legacy file system used for Compact Disc
optical media. CDFS has two writing modes and an extension called Joliet that
allows for long file name support. This file ysst em is often referred to as
ISO 9660 as this is the technical standard issue by ISO.

What partition type can a logical partition be created in? - Extended -
Logical partitions can be create dinside an extended partition. An extended
partition is not formatted like a primary partition and the logical partitions
within can be used as logical drives. Logical partitions can hold an operating
system but are not bootable.

Upon using  partitioning tool on your Windows 7 PC, you have deleted a
partition labeled as recovery. What was this partition used for? - Factory
recovery - Factory recovery - A factory recovery partition is a special
partition that is created by the manufacturer of the system. This partition is
used to reinstall the system.

How many extended partitions can be created on a MBR-type (Masster Boot
Record) partitioned hard drive? - 1 - Only one extended partiotion is lalowedf
on a hard drive. An extended partitoin is not formatted like a primary
partition is. An extended partition is divided into segments known as logical
drives.

You are installing a new hard drive in a PC system. You need to partition the
disk and owuld like to have five partitions on the disk. Which of the below
should you uyse to set up the disk? - GPT - A (GUID Partition Table) is a
partition layout type. IT is a new alternative to the MBR type. One of the
differences between the GPT and MBR types is the number of partiotoins that
can be created. The limit is four primary partitions for MBR and 128
partitions for GPT.

What partition type is bootable and can be marked as active?- Primary -
Primary partitions are bootable partitions. A MBR-type (Master Boot Record)
partition can have up to four primary partitions. A Primary partition can be
marked as active, meaning it will be the boot partition.

A user would like to upgrade a Windows & PC to Windows 10. There is a
specialized expansion card that would need to be supported. Which of the
following will be required for the card to work with Windows 10? - Device
Drivers - Device drivers are required for hardware to function properly. Prior
to upgrading the operating system, the expansion car manufacturer's support
web site should be checked for compatibility and drivers.

You are setting up a Windows 10 PC. You plan on partitioning a hard drive. how
many partitions can be created on the disk when using MBR-systel partitions? -
4 - When using MBR-style (Master Boot Record) partitions, up to 4 primary
partitions can be created. Only one of those partitions may be marked as
active.

You are about to start the repair installation of a personal Windows 7
workstation. There is one volume in the system and Windows will no longer boot
properly. Which boot  device will likely need to be the highest priority
device? - Optical drive - To repair a Windows 7 installation, booting from the
installation disk is required. As the installation media is likely on optical
media, an optical drive would be the best choice. A bootable flash drive would
also work in this scenario.

You are considering setting up a Windows multi-boot system with a few different Windows operating systems. You are deciding between Master Boot Record (MBR) type and GUID Partition table (GPT) type partitions. What are the limitations with the MBR type partition? - Limitations of disk sizes up to 2 TB and up to four partitions. - Master Boot Record (MBR) type partitions have limitations of disk sizes up to 2 TB and four primary partitions. The newr GUID Partition Table (GPT) enables drives greater than 2 TB and up to 128 partitions.

You have installed a Windows 10 system that has failed. It turns out that the operating system needs to be reinstalled. The system does not come with any media. What reinstallation method would be best to try first? - Recovery partition - A recovery partition is a special partition on a PC system's hard drive that contains the original factory software, including the operating system and preinstalled device drivers. Booting from the recovery partition initiates an out of the box installation.

You want to create a standard image for installation on multiple computers on the network. What is the first step in the process of image deployment? - Install the operating system on a reference computer. - Image deployment provides a rapid way to install a standardized version of an operating system on one or more target computers. The operating system is first installed and configured with any additional software, security settings, or general user settings on a reference computer.

You are setting up a Windows 10 PC. You plan on partitioning a hard drive. How many partitions can be created on the disk when using MBR-style partitions? - 4 - When using MBR-style(Master Boot Record) partitions, up to four primary partitions can be created. Only one of those partitions may be marked as active. 

What partition type can be logical partiion be created in? - Extended - Logical partitions can be created inside an extended partition. An extended partition is not formatted like a primary partition and the logical partitions within can be used as logical drives. Logical partitions can be used as logical drives. Logical partitions can hold an operating system but are not bootable. 

Upon using a partitioning tool on your Windows 7 PC, you have deleted a partition labeled as recovery. What was this partition used for? - Factory recovery - A factory recovery partition is a special partition that is created by the manufacturer of the system. This partition is used to reinstall the system.

Upon using a partitioning tool on your Windows 7 PC, you have deleted a partition labeled as recovery. What was this partition used for? - Factory recovery - A factory recovery partition is a special partition that is created by the manufacturer of the system. This partition is used to reinstall the system. 

How many extended partitions can be created on a MBR-type (Master Boot Record) partitioned hard drive? - 1 - Only one extended partition is allowed on a hard drive. An extended partition is not formatted like a primary partition is. An extended partition is divided into segments known as logical drives.

What partition type is bootable and can be marked as active? - Primary - Primary partitions are bootable partitions. A MBR-type (Master Boot Recod) partition can have up to four primary partitions. A primary partition can be marked as active, meaning it will be the boot partition.

You are setting up a Windows 10 PC. You p[lan on partitioning a hard drive. How many partitions can be created on the disk when using MBR-style partitions? - 4 - When using MBR style partitions, up to 4 primary partitions can be created. Only one of those partitions may be marked as active.

How many extended partitions can be created on a MBR-tyle partitions hard drive? - 1 - Only one extended partition is allowed on a hard drive. An extended partition is not formatted like a primary partition is. An extended partition is divided into segments know as logical drives.


You intend on copying many files from an old PC to a new PC using Xcopy. As a
start, you would like to copy only the folder stucture (no files) over to the
new PC for review. Which command do you use? - Xcopy /t - Xcopy is a command
used to coipy files and folders. The /t is used to copy the folder structure
and not any files to the destination.

You decide on using robocopy command to copy files on a Windows PC from one
hard disk to another. Which switch is used to copy subdirectories including
those that are empty? - robocopy /e - Robocopy is a command line utility that
replaces xcopy and is used for file and folder copy purposes. The /e switch is
used to copy subdirectories, even if they are empty.

The Windows xcopy command can be used to copy files and directories from one
location to another. Subdirectories that are empty can be included or
excluded. What is the correct syntax for an xcopy command ot include empty
subdirectories? - xcopy C:\folder1 D:\folder2 /e - The correct syntax for
copying all files, directories and subdirectories, even if the subdirectories
are empty is xcopy C:\folder1 D:\folder2 /e. The /e switch is used to specify
the inclusion of empty subdirectories.

You are working at the command prompt on a Windows PC. You want to use the
directory command to obtain a directory listing. How would you use the command
to display file owner names? -- dir /q - The dir command is a command line
command that is used to obtain a directory listing of files and folders on a
PC. The /q switch can be used to obtain the owner's name as part of the
listing.

You have made changes to a Windows group policy. You want to apply the changes
to the system from the command line with only the new policy. Which command
should you use? - gpupdate - gpupdate is the Windows command line utility that
is used to immediately apply grouop policy settings to a computer. running
gpupdate will only update a policy that is new or has changed. Any other
policies will not be updated.

You intend on copying many files from an old PC to a new PC using Xcopy. As a
start you would like to copy only the folder structure (no files) over to the
new PC for review. Which command do you use? - xcopy /t - xcopy is a command
used ot copy files and folders. The /t switch is used to copy the folder
structure and not any files to the destination.

You need to use a command line tool to reboot Windows system. You would like
to reboot immediately. Which of the following would be most effective? -
Shutdown /f /r /t 0 - Shutdown is the Windows command line tool to shut down
or restart a computer. The /f switch forces any running applications to close
immediately. The /r switch designates that the computer should reboot. The /t
switch indicates how many seconds the computer shoudl wait before shutting
down. 

You decide on using robocopy command to copy files on a Windows PC from one
hard disk to another. Which switch is used to copy subdirectories including
those that are empty? - /e - Robocopy is a command line utility that replace
Xcopy that is used for file and folder copy purposes. The /e switch is used to
copy subdirectories, evewn if they are empty.

You intend on copying many files from an old PC to a new PC using xcopy. As a
start you would like to copy only the folder structure (no files) over to the
new PC for review. Which command do you use? - xcopy /t - xcopy is a command
used to copy files and folders. The /t switch is used to copy the folder
structure and not any files to the destination.

You need to register a new server COM application to a WIndows 10 PC. Which
utility do you use? - Component services - Component services is a utility to
manage COM(COmponent Object Model) objects. COM is a means for developers to
allow software to link through Windows services such as OLE (Object Linking
and Embedding).

You need to routinely manage a Windows system. Rather than having to open
several console windows, you would like to customize a single window to
contain the most ocmmonly used management tools. Which command will you use to
create this console? - mmc - The mmc (Microsoft management console) command is
a utility that is used for administrative console tools. By using mmc, custom
consoles can be create by adding tools and then saved for later use.

You have installed a new hard disk into a Windows system. You want to perform
a high-level format of the disk. How do you perform this process? - In Windows
disk management, initialize the disk. - WHen ins4talling a new hard disk into
a Windows system, it needs to be initialized. By right-clicking th edisk in
disk management the drive can be initialized.

You are adjusting settings on a Windows Firewall with Advanced Security. Which of the following is NOT a state setting? - Specify logging settings - The logging setting is not a firewall state setting. Loggin provids a way for firewall activity to be reviewed for troubleshooting and malicious activity investigating.

You are installing a new piece of software on a Windows computer that can optionally run as a service. You decide to configure the service startup. Which of the following is NOT a service startup type? - Manual (Delayed Start) - A service can be disabed, automatic, automatic (delayed start), or manual. A manual start means the service would need to be started by the user. There is not manual (delayed start) type.

You want to check a Windows 10 system to quickly see which services are disabled. Which utility do you use? - Msconfig - The services tab in the msconfig utility contains the option to view a list of WIndows services and th eoption to selectively enabled or disable them quickly. 

A user's system has been experiencing errors and blue screen crashes. You have decided to look at the event viewer to see if system logs show anything out of the ordinary. Which of the following is NOT an event viewer Windows log? - Administrative - Administrative is not a log type, but in this case a general term. Event logs, for example are used for administrative purposes.

You are troubleshooting a Windows 10 PC. You would like to boot into safe mode to diagnose a problem. How cna you enable safe mode? - Boot tab in msconfig - The boot tab in the msconfig utility contains the option to boot into safe mode, to choose a non-GUI boot, and more.

You are troubleshooting a Windows 10 PC. You would like to boot into diagnostic mode which only loads basic drivers and services. How can you accomplish this? - General tab in msconf - The general tab in the msconfig utility contains diagnostic startup options. A diagnostic startup mode is available as well as selective startup mode that allows for the optional selection of loading system services and other startup items.

You decide to enable system protection featuers on your WIndows PC. One feature will enable restore points. Which feature uses restore points? - System restore - A system restore is an option to roll back any changes to a specific point in time. System restore points can be created manually, or automatically.

You are adding a dynamic disk from an older Windows 7 computer to a newer Windows 10 computer. It is a secondary drive for storing files. You notice the disk is not appearing in Windows file explroer. What step must you take in disk management o use the drive without losing data? - Import foreign disk - Importing foreign disk is required. A foreign disk can be a dynamic disk that was removed from another system. Selecting the disk and choosing import will make the disk available for use.

You are troubleshooting a Windows 10 PC. You would like to boot into a diagonstic mode which only loads basic drivers and services. How can you accomplish this? - Genearl tab in msconfig - The general tab in the msconfig utility contains diagnostic startup options . A diagnostic startup mode is available as well as selective startup mode that allows for the optional selection of loading system services and other startup items.

You are working with a hard disk on a Windows 10 workstation. A disk is running lo won space and you have decided to extend it. Which of the below is NOT criteria for extending a volume on a disk? - The volume can be formatted with FAT.- When extending a volume, free space on a disk is added to an existing volue. This process is completed by using the disk management tool. FAT (File Allocation Table) volumes are not supported with extending a volume.

You need to create a remote deskto connection shortcut on a user's Windows laptop. Which command will you use in the shortcut? - Mstsc - The mstsc (Microsoft terminal services client) command is an executable that is used for remote dekstop connections. A shortcut to this executable can be created on a user's desktop for easy access.

A Windows 10 workstation has a simple volume with plenty of free space. You
would like to use some of that free space as a new volume. The combined steps
to accomplish this is known as what? - Splitting a volume - Splitting a volume
would create a new second volume. Splitting would involve steps of first
shrinking the existing volume and then partitioning new space for a second
volume.

You have a variety of internal and external storage disks connected to a
Windows 10 Home edition computer. You would like to pool these disks together
for redundancy. What feature can you use? - Storage space - Storage space is a
Windows feature that allow s a mix of internal and external storage device to
pool together for redundnacy purposes. For example, a mix of these storage
device can be used to create a disk mirror.

You are trying to diagnose a problem in Windows 10. You need to disable
several services. How can this be done efficiently? - Services tab in msconfig
- The services tab in the msconfig utility contains the option to view a list
  of Windows services and the optoin to selectively enable or disalbe them
quickly.

A user is experiencing very slow system pervformance. After looking the system
you see veyr high utilization of a process related to svchost.exe. Which of
the following is likely causing the high utilization? - Windows update -
Windows update is a system process that is used to provide operating system,
security, and device driver updates to a Windows system. It can also keep
applications such as Microsoft Office up to date. Windows update can be a very
system intesive process that will appear in task manager as svchost.exe.

You want to check a Windows 10 system to quickly see which services are
disabled. Which utility do you use? - msconfig - The services tab in the
msconfig utility contains the option to view a list of Windows services and
the option to selectively enable or disable them quickly.

Which of the following provides a quick access list to system management
utilities including registry editor, user account control settings, and
programs and features? - Msconfig tools tab - The msconfig tools tabs offers a
list of commonly used system management utilities. While these utilities are
found elsewhere, in Windows, the tools tab provides easy and convenient
access.

Which of the following provides a quick access  list to system management
utilities including registry editor, user account control settings, and
programs and features? - Msconfig tools tab - The msconfig tools tab offers a
list of commonly used system management utilities. While these utilities are
found elsewhere in Windows, the tools tab provides easy and convenient access.

You are adding a dynamic disk from an older Windows 7 computer to a newer
Windows 10 copmuter. It is a secondary drive for storing files. You ontice the
disk is not appearing in Windows file exporer. What step must you take in disk
management to use the drive without losing data? - Import foreign disk -
Importing a foreign disk is required. A foreign disk can be a dynamic disk
that was reomved from another system. Selecting the disk and choosing import
will make the disk available for use.

On a Windows system, which of the following drive status messages indicates a
newly installed unpartitioned disk? - Not initialized - When a new disk is
installed in a Windows system, the disk management console will show a status
of not initialized. By selecting the disk it can be initialized. One
initialized it may be partitioned and formatted.

You need to create a reomte desktop connection sohrtcut of a user's Windows
laptop. Which command will you use in the shortcut? - Mstsc - The mstsc
(Microsoft terminal services client) command is an executable that is used for
remote desktop connections. A shortcut to this executable can be created on a
user's desktop for easy access.

You are troubleshooting a Windows 10 PC. You would like to boot into safe mode
to diagnose a problem. How can you enalbe safe mode? - Boot tab in msconfig -
The boot tab in the msconfig utility contains the optoin to boot into safe
mode, to choose a non-GUI boot, and more.

Which power feature would save the current session to memory before putting
the system into a minimal power state? - Sleep - Sleep is a power saving
feaure that allows a system to save data to RAM (Random Access Memory) and
then enter a minimal power state. When the system is resumed, it returns to
full power and data is removed from RAM. If a system loses power during lsep
the data in RAM is lost.

A user is testing an in-development web page with Internet Explorer. Being
able to specify an HTML editor would be helpful. In which are can this be
configured in Windows Internet optoins? - Programs - The programs tab in
Windows Internet settings allows a user to set Internet Explorer as the
default web browser, manage add-ons, select an HTML editor, and other default
Internet applications.

A user needs access to server-based files while out of the office. there is
currnetly no VPN or RDP solution configured. Which Windows feature do you
decide to use? - Sync center - Sync centr is a Windows utility for managing
Windows file and folder synchronization settings. Sync allows users to have
local offline copies of network files.

Which power feature would save the curent session to disk before powering off
the system? - Hibernate - Hibernate is a power saving feature that allows a
system to write all data to disk and then power off. By writing the data to
disk, the system can be powered back on and used as it was by automatically
reloading that data.

The system protectoin tab in system proptrties allows a user to configure
which of the below? Restore points - Restore points are system snapshots that
are used to roll back a change to a certai npoint in time. The nspahots
contain system settings and are usually created automatically before a
software install. They can also be created manually, and settings can be found
on the system protectoin tab in system properties.

You would like to set Internet Explorer to delete browsing history on exit.
Which tab would be used for this setting in Windows Internet options - General
- The general tab in Windows Internet settings allows a user to set the
  default home page, clear the browser ihstory, and appearance settings.

When building a custom computer for Windows, which of the following will
likely lead to poor performance? - Meeting minimum hardware requirements -
Meeting minimum hardware requirements for an operating system will likely lead
to poor performance. Minimum requirements are the lowest hardware
specifications that an operating system is supported to run on.

When installing an application, what folder permissions are required? - Write
- The write permission would allow a user to save content to the folder. In
  this case, the application installing running under the user's account would
need the write permission to be successful.

You have installed a new 64-bit applications on a 64-bit Windows workstation.
You would like to review the installation directory for application. Where
would you find the application's install directory? - Program Files - The
Program Files folder is the default folder on a 32-bit only systems and 64-bit
systems. On a 64-bit system, 64-bit software is usually installed in this
folder.

What security threat concels itself as trustworth software but has a true
purpose of being malicious? - Trojan Horse - A Trojan Horse is a type of
malware that disguises itself as legitimate and trustworthy software. Once the
software is executed, the true malicious nature of the software is released.

You are adding a new Windows 10 computer ot a remote office that already has 5
computers. You are trying to configure it with BranchCache like the existing
five but you are not able to. Which operating system will you need? - Windows
10 Enterprise - Windows 10 Enterprise edition supports many more features than
other editions of Windows 10. Among those features is BranchCache which allows
client computer to work together to locally cache content from a remote
Windows server.

You want to use network QoS(Quality of Service) on  Windows systems. Which of
the following is applied to a QoS policy? - DSCP value - A DSCP
(Differentiated Services Code Point) value is assigned to different types of
network traffic. This value is then used by routers to determine what priority
the network traffic has.

You have 5 Windows 10 Home Edition computers, all connected to the Internet,
that need to share files. Which method would be secure but simple to
ocnfigure? - OneDrive - OneDrive is a file hosting and synchronizatoin
services operated by Microsoft as part of its suite of Office Online services.
It can serve as a file sharing tool among different computers, and is built
into Windows 10, so it is very simple to configure.

You are setting up wireless connectivity for a few Windows 10 laptops. You
need to configure an access point with security settings. Which of the
following authentication methods is the least secure? - WEP - WEP(Wired
Equivalent Privacy) is a security protocol specified in the Wi-Fi standard. It
is an older security method that used a CRC (Cyclic Redundancy Check) as a
mechanism  and was found to have security flaws.

You are troubleshooting a network card on a Windows 10 computer. You need to
install additional features within the network card's properties. Which of the
following is NOT an item that can be installed? - Gateway - A NIC properties
windows allows a user to modify network card settings. A gateway address is a
setting that can be applied to a protocol but is not an installation option.

You are setting up an older PC as a spare for testing purposes. You would like
to view the speed of the NIC. How can this be achieved? - Network and Sharing
center - The network and sharing center in Windows is used for viewing network
information and connection settings. By viewing an active network connectoin
the NIC speed can be identified.

A user has a Windows 10 laptop that is used at home and at work. At work, the
laptop receives an IP address dynamically. At home the laptop requires a
static IP. The user is having difficulty remembering how to change IP
settings between static and dynamic when changing locations. What
configuration change could you make? - Configure an alternate IP address on
the laptop. - Configuring an alternate IP address on a Windows computer allows
the computer to use a secondary IP address. This is helpful when the computer
is used on multiple networks. The primary network address has priority and the
alternate works when the primary is not active. 

Which one of the below is NOT one of three basic settings that are required to
configure a proxy server? - QoS - QoS(Quality of Service) is a technique that
is used for bandwidth management. By using policies, QoS can be applied to
certain traffic types to improve services quality.

Which Windows firewall setting blocks all traffic except for any that has a
specific rule to allow it? - Block - The block setting in the Windows firewall
blocks all traffic except for any traffic that has an exception configured. An
exception can include allowing certain application traffic or port traffic. 

A system has an on-board (motherboard-integrated) network interface card (NIC)
that is not being recognized by Windows. How do you check that the card is
enabled for use? - With the system BIOS (Basic Input Output System) - A BIOS
is a set of instructions located in the system hardware's ROM (Read Only
Memory). An on-board card would be neblaed or disabled in the system's BIOS.

Which of the following alternate IP settings serves as a router setting when
DHC is not available? - Default gateway - A default gateway addres is used by
a computer to find remote networks and hosts. For example, when a computer
browses a web site, the gateway identifies the site as non-local and routes
the request to the Internet.

A user needs to access a network printer on their Windows 10 computer. Which
installation option will automatically install the printer connection and
printer drivers? - Shared printer -  A shared printer is instlaled on a system
that is available for other systems to use. Connecting is quick and easy and
is done by double clicking the printer in Windows file explorer. Doing so
connects the printer and installs the driver.

Which of the following alternate IP settings serves as a router setting when
DHCP is not available? - Default gateway - A default gateway is used by a
computer to find remote network and hosts. For example, when a computer
browses a web site, the gateway identifies the site as non-local and routes
the request to the Internet.

Which alternate IP setting below serves as a network identification setting
when DHCP is not available? - Subnet mask - A subnet mask is used to identify
what network a computer belongs to. The subnet mask works in conjunction with
the system's IP address.

Which alternate IP setting below serves as a network identification setting
when DHCP is not available? - Subnet mask - A subnet mask is used to identify
what network a computer belongs to. The subnet mask works in conjunction with
the system's IP address.

A system has an on-board NIC that is not being recognized by Windows. How do
you check that the card is enabled for use? - With the system BIOS - A BIOS
 is a set of instructions located in the system hardware's ROM. An onboard
cable would be enabled or disabled in the system's BIOS.

You are remotely browsing a Windows server's shared folders in a computer
mangaement. You see a share called c$ in the list. Why type of share is this?
- Administrative - Administrative shares are shares automatically created by
  Windows. Each disk volume on the system has an associated administrative
share. An administrative share can be viewed by browsing the server and share
name. For example, \\servername\c$ would display the server's C drive.

You can easily use your Mac remotely by setting up Screen Sharing. Where do
you set up screen sharing in Mac OS X? - System preferences - System
preferences is a menu that can be used for screen sharing on a Mac computer.
First select the Apple menu. Next, select system preferences, then sharing,
and lastly screen sharing.

How does a user access the Apple iCloud web service application from a Mac
computer running OS X? - Log on to icloud.com using a web browser - The iCloud
web service application can be accessed with a web browser. A user simply
needs to log on to icloud.com with an Apple ID and password.

What is the Mission Control feature in Mac OS X user for? - Multiple desktops
- Mission control offers the capability of customizing and using multiple
  virtual desktops on a single system to make a computing experience more
efficient.

Which term describes how the Mac operating system handles files created,
deleted, or modified since the last backup when the backup drive is
temporarily missing. - Snapshot - The snapshot feature is the ability of the
Mac OS to take a snapshot of any changed files. These files are saved locally
until the Time Machine drive becomes available again to the system.

You are working on a Linux workstation. You issue the ps -x command at the
terminal. Which processes are displayed with this command? - The processes
owned by the user who issued the command are displayed - The ps command is
used in a terminal to display a list of urnning processes. When issuing the ps
command with the -x switch, the user who issued the command will only see
their processes.

Which anti-virus protection technology uses knowledge of viru-like behavior as
a means of defense? - Heuristics - Heuristic identification is a method that
anti-virus software uses to try to identify viruses based on behavior. It
monitors a computer for activity that seems virus-like.

Which term describes how the Mac operating system handles files created,
deleted, or modified since the last backup when the backup drive is
temporarily missing? - Snapshot - The snapshot feature is the ability of the
Mac OS to take a snapshot of any changed files. These files are saved locally
until the Time Machine drive becomes available again to the system.

You can easily use your Mac remotely by setting up Screen Shraing. where do
you set up screen sharing in Mac OS X? - System preferences - System
preferences is a menu that can be used for screen sharing on a Mac computer.
first select the Apple menu. Next, select system preferences, then sharing and
lastly screen sharing.

Which of these door lock types is operated by entering a PIN on a keypad? -
Electronic - With electronic locks, the lock is operated by entering a PIN on
an electronic keypad. This type of lock is also referred to as a cipher,
combination, or keyless.


Which of the following is the least secure method of restricting access to a company's building? - Using conventional door locks that can also be unlocked with a wireless key fob. - A lock can be picked, and fobs can be accidentally dropped, picked up by an attacked, and used to gain access.

What is an advantage of a Radio Frequency ID (RFID) bade and reader? - It wireless monitors the location of the subject. - Radio Frequency (RFID) badges can be used with proximity badge readers to monitor the location of the subject.

What requires all visitors to sign in and out when entering and leaving a building? - An entry control roster - Entry control rosters require all visitors to sign in and out when entering and leaving the building. This decreased the risk of unauthorized individuals gaining access to the building and tailgating.

What can be programmed with biometric, token and certificate-based authentication? - Smart card badges - Smart card badges and key fobs can be programmed with biometric authentication or with some sort of token-generating or certificate-based authentication. 

What is an advantage of a Radio Frequency ID (RFID) badge and reader? - It wirelessly monitors the location of the subject. - Radio Frequency ID (RFID) badges can be used with proximity badge readers to monitor the location of the subject.

What security device is like a smart cart that it can be programmed with biometric, token-generating, or certificate-based authentication? - Key fobs - Smart card badges and key fobs can be programmed with biometric authentication or with some sort of token-generated or certificate-based authentication. This type of badge could be used to open smart locks.

Which basic security precuation should an administrator take when deploying new network access point hardware? - Add physical security for the hardware.- The basic security precuation that an administrator should take in deploying the network hardware is physical security. Physical security is a weak link in overall security in that if someone has physical access to a device, they have control of the device.

What can be programmed with biometric, token, and certificate-based authentication? - Smart card badges - Smart card badges and key fobs can be programmed with biometric authentication of with some sort of token-generating or certificate-based authentication. 

What security device is a like a smart card in that it can be programmed with biometric, token-generating or certificate based authentication - Key fobs - Smart card badges and keyfobs can be programmed with biometric authentication or with some sort of token-generating or certificate-based authentication. This type of badge could be used to open smart locks.

Which of these door lock types is operated by entering a PIN on a keypad? - Electronic - With electronic locks, the lock is operated by entering a PIN on an electronic keypad. This type of lock is also referred to as cipher, combination, or keyless.


What can use digital signing to prove the identity of a server is legitimate? - Software token - Tokens can be implmented using cookies, and JSON Web Tokens. Software tokens can use digital signing to prove the identity of the issuing server.

An administrator of a SOHO network decided to implement MAC filtering. What does MAC filtering do for the network? - It provides a simple method of securing a network - MAC filtering allows devices with specific MAC addresses to attach to the network. This can be done by creating a list of valid MAC addresses or by specifying a limit to the number of permitted addresses.

How can you limit the number of permitted physical addresses on a port without having to use authentication or completely disabling the port? - MAC filtering - Configuring MAC filtering on a switch means defining which MAC addresses can connect to a port. This can be done by creating a lit of valid MAC addresses or by specifying a limit to the number of permitted addresses.

A group of users in a corporate environment receives the message "Installation Unsuccessful" on their Android mobile devices. What does the administrator need to do to troubleshoot this problem? - Verify that the Mobile Device Management (MDM) suite is pushing apps as expected. - The administrator needs to verify that the MDM suite is pushing apps correctly.

What contains records of subjects and the permissions they hold on the resource? - Access Control Lists (ACLs) - A permission is usually implemented as an ACL attached to each resource. The ACL contains a number ofo Access Control Entries, wihch are records of subjects and the permissions they hold on the resource.

What is used by Wi-Fi Protected Access 2 (WPA2) for encryption? - The AES (Advanced Encryption Standard) - THE AES cipher is used by WPA2 for encryption. AES is much stronger than RC4/TKIP used by WPA.

Which of these security standards provides very wek security? - WEP - WEP provides very weak security and should not be relied upon for confidentiality. Attackers can mmake their own keys and crack WEP in a short period of time.

Which of these authentication architectures uses a AAA server in VPN implementations? - Remote Authentication Dial-in User Service (RADIUS) - Under the RADIUS protocol, Authentication, Authorization and Accounting are performed by a separate server (the AAA server). RADIUS is often used in VPN implementations.

What mechanism fixes the issues with WEP key generation? - TKIP (Temporal Key Integrity Protocol) - WPA uses the RC4 cipher but adds a mechanism called TKIP to fix the issues with WEP key generation.

Which of these was developed by Cisco and is often used to grant administrative access to routers and switches? - Terminal Access Controller Access Control System (TACACS+) - TACACS+ is a similar protocol to RADIUS but designed to be more flexible and reliable. TACACS+ is often used in authenticating administrative access to routers and switches.

What special feature of WPA2 improves upon WPA? - The inclusion of AES - The main deifference between WPA and WPA2 is the mandatory use of the AES cipher for encryption. AES is much stronger than RC4/TKIP.

What special feature of WPA2 improves upon WPA? - The inclusion of AES - The main difference between WPA and WPA2, is the mandatoory use of the AES cipher for encryption. AES is much stronger than RC4/TKIP.

Which of these security standards provides very weak security? - WEP - WEP provides veryweak security and should not be relied upon for confidentiality. Attackers can make their own keys and crack WEP in a short period of time.

Which of these WIFI protocols uses RC4 and adds TKIP to fix the issues with key generation? - WPA - WPA fices most of the security problems with WEP and adds TKIP to fix the issues with key generation.

Which of these protocols is fully compliant with the 802.11 security protocol and uses the AES cipher for encryption? - WPA2 - WPA2 was developed as a fully compliant 802.11i security standard protocol. WPA2 uses the AES cipher for encryption.

What mechanism fixes the issues with WEP key generation? - TKIP - WPA uses the RC4 cipher but adds a mechanism called TKIP to fix the issues with WEP key generation.

As part of preventing reinfection, what should you configure to prevent spoofing? - DNS - DNS spoofing allows attackers to detect victims away from legitimate sites they were intending to visit and towards fake sites. as part of preventing reinfection, you should inspect and re-secure the DNS configuration.

What would you have to do if a virus infection do not allow you to run anti-virus software? - Perform a complete system restore - If a virus disrupts the computer system, you might not be able to run anti-virus software and would have to perform a complete system restore.

All users on the network have antivirus software; however, several users report that they have what an administrator described as a "browser redirection virus". How can the users have this virus if they have updated antivirus software installed? - Redirection viruses are not always classic viruses and therefore are not detectable with antivirus software. - 	Phishing and pharming are ways of redirecting users from a legitimate website to a malicious one. Browser redireciton is not a classic virus that antivirus programs can detect or eradicate.

What is used by the Windows 2000 and Windows XP versions that presents a limited subset of the commands normally available at a Windows command prompt? - Recovery console - Recovery Console is a precursor to WinRE, used by the Windows 2000 and Windows XP versions. Recovery conosle presents a  limited subset of the commands normally available at a Windows command prompt and does not provide as many tools as WinRE.

What attack uses a precomputed list of all probably plaintext dictionary passwords and their matching hashes? - Rainbow table attack - Rainbow tabls refine the dictionary attack. Rainbow table attacks use a precomputed lookup table of all probably plaintext passwords (derived form the dictionary) and their matching hashes. The hash value of a stored password can then be looked up in the table and the corresponding plaintext discovered.

What type of attack involves intimidaating, alarming, or coaxing the victim to make the attack more convincing? - Impersonation - Impersonation is one of the basic social engineering techniques. To make an impersonation attack convincing, attackers will try to either intimidate, alarm, or coax the victim.

A company's password policy requires employees to encode their passwords in Base64 when storing them. What is true about this policy if you were to implement it? - Base64 encoding is not a secure form of cryptography. - A password can be encoded in Base64, which is simply an ASCII representation of binary data. The password value can easily be derived from the Base64 string.

In most cases, what NTFS folder permission overrides any other permission? - The "deny" permission overrides anything else (int most cases). If an account is not granted an "allow" permission, an implicit deny is appled. This is usually suficient for most purposes. 

What kind of account can be abused to allow a user to obtain more powerful Administrator or System privileges? - Power Users - The Power Users group still appears to support legacy applications, but its use is strongly deprecated. The rights allocated to this account type can be abused to allow the user to obtain more powerful Administrator or System privileges.

Kerberos authentication and authorization for Active Directory domain networks uses what kind of access control? - Single Sign-On (SSO) - SSO means the usre only needs to authenticate to a system once to gain acess to all its resources. An example is the Kerberos authentication and authorization model for Active Directory domain networks.

What is it referred to when Windows applies security settings for a folder to all child objects? - Permission propagation - To apply security settings for the current folder to all child objects (permission propagation), check the "Replace all child object permissions with inheritable permissions" box in the Advanced Security Settings for the folder.

What folder option governs how Search is configured? - The Indexing applet - Search is governed by how the Indexing Options applet is configured. This allow syou to define indexed locations and rebuilt the index. A corrupted index is a common cause of serach problems. 
What policy can override all other regular password change policies? -
Password never expires - The 'Password never expires' user account setting can
override a system policy set to force a regular password change. This option
should be selected for system accounts.

In a business environment, what will the Windows password security policy be
set to? - THe policy will require the user to sign in with a password. - In a
business environment, the security policy will default to requireing th euser
to sign in with a password.

What can be confiured by the BIOS or UEFI firmware setup program that is
required before any operating system can boot, and does not require a server
to authenticate? - A system user password - A system user password is one that
is required before any operating system can boot. The system password can be
configured by the BIOS or UEFI firmware setup program.

What policy can override all other regular password change policies? -
Password never expires - The 'Password never expires user account setting can
override a system policy set to force a regular password change. This option
should be selected for system accounts.

To control other apps, what must logically work at the root permission level?
- Firewalls - The basic function of a firewall is traffic filtering according
  ot rules that will allow or block traffic. One issue for firewalls is that
they must be able to control other apps and therefore logically work on at a
higher permission level (root).


What security tool or method is suitable for most confidential data, but is
time consuming and requires special software? - Overwriting - Disk wiping is
an overwriting method that is suitable for most confidential data, but it is
time consuming and requires special software.

Which of these is true of SSIDs? - You should change default SSIDs to
something that your users will recognize easily. - Vendors uses SSIDs for
their products based on the device brand or model. You should change it to
something that your users will recognize and will not get confused between
nearby networks.

What kind of device must be configured with a static IP address in a SOHO
network? - Routers - A router's internal interface must be configured with a
static IP address, because a router acts as a DHCP server and client devices
need to use it as the default gateway.

What technique would an attacker use to bypass NAC? - An attacker could
impersonate a device by spoofing the MAC address and IP address of an
authorized device. - NAC allows administrators to devise policies or profiles
describing a minimum securitry configuration that devices must meet to be
granted network access. An attacker could bypass NAC by impersonating an
auhtorized device.

What can you help prevent by turning the power output down on an access point?
- War driving - Turning the power output on an access point dwn helps to
  prevent "war driving" which is the practice of driving around with a
wireless-enabled laptop scanning for unsecure WLANs.

What is the primary purposes of NAT in a SOHO network? - To allow all devices
inside a private network to use a single external IP address for
communications outside the network? - NAT is used to allow an entire private
network to connect to other networks via a single IP address issued by the
ISP.

	
What is the main argument against MAC filtering on a wireless network? - The
administrator must enter each allowed MAC address manually. - The argument
against MAC filtering is that administraotrs must enter each address manually,
which is a lengthy and tedious process.

What is the most secure way of dealing with unused services? - Remove the
service on each host - One of the basic principles of secure configuration is
only to enable services that must be enabled. If a service is unussed, then it
should not be accessible in any way by removing the service on each host.

WHIch of these is true about SSIDs? - You should change the default SSIDs to
something that your users will recognize easily. - Vendors use default SSIDs
for their products based on the device brand or model. You should change it to
something that your users will recognize and will not get confused between
nearby networks.

What can you implement on a switch to define what hysical address can connect
to a particular port?  - MAC filtering - Configuring MAC filtering on a switch
means defining which MAC addresses can connect to a port. This can be done by
creating a list of valid MAC addresses or by specifying a limit to the the
number of permitted addresses.

What technique would an attacker use to bypass Network Access Control (NAC)? -
An attacker could impersonate a device by spoofying the MAC address and IP
address of an authorized device. - NAC allows administrators to devise
policies or profiles describing a minimum security configuration that devices
must meet to be granted network access. An attacked could bypass NAC by
impersonating an authorized device.

What do you need to set up if you want to make a server application from your
network accessible to the internet? - Port forwarding - If you want to make a
server application from your network accessible to the INternet, you need to
set up port forwarding or Destination NAT.


If a Windows system is slow to load the desktop following logon, what is
likely to be slowing the process down? - Corrupt user profile - If the system
is slow to load the desktop following logon, the issue could be a corrupt user
profile.

A startup disk cannot be detected when booting a computer. The disk's presence
is reported by the system firmware, but Windows will still not boot. What tool
do you use to repair the drive's boot information. - bootrec - The bootrec
tool can be used to repair the drive's boot information. Use the subcommands
/fixmbr to attempt to repair the MBR, /fixboot to attempt repair of the boot
sector, and /rebuildbcd to add missing Windows installations to the Boot
Configuration Device (BDC).

A user calls to report that there is not network access. After discussing the
issue, you leran that the user can connect to shared folders and printers, but
not to the World Wide Web. How would you investigate the problem further? -
The user has limited connectivity. Use ipconfig to determine whether the
adapter has been configured correctly. - The problem is that the user has
limited connectivity. Use ipconfig to verify settings such as the IP address,
subnet mask, and default gateway.

If a Windows machine boots very slowly, what is likely to be slwoing the process down? - Loading drivers and services - Loading drivers and services causes delays affecting the system prior to logon. Quite, often, the culprit will be some type of network service or configuration not working optimally, but there could be some sort of file corruption too.

Which of the following is NOt a reason to use the chkdsk recovery tool? - You need to repair the drive's MBR. - If you need to repair a drive's MBR, use the bootrec tool to repair the drive's boot information. Use the subcommand /fixmbr to attempt repair of the MBR.

A user calls to report that there is no network access. After discussing the issue, you learn that the user can connect to shared folders and printers, but not to the World Wide Web. How would you investigate the problem further? - The user has limited connectivity. Use ipconfig to determine whether the adapter has been configured correctly. - The problem is that the user has limited connectivity. Use ipconfig to verify settings such as the IP address, subnet mask, and default gateway.

If a Windows system is slow to load the desktop following logon, what is likely to be slowing the process down? - Corrupt user profile - If the system is slow to load the desktop following logon, the issue could be a corrupt user profile.

If Windows appears to boot but does not load the desktop following logon, which of the following is a likely cause? - Malware infection - If Windows appears to boot but does not load the desktop following logon, the likely causes are malware infection or corruption or of drivers or system files.

You are troubleshooting a piece of malware on a user's Windows 10 computer and want the PC to boot into safe mode automatically. Where do you configure this? - The Boot tab of the System Configuration Utility - The System Configuration Utility (msconfig) is used to modify various settings and files that affect the way the computer boots and loads Windows.

Which of the following is a common solution if you experience a transitory system performance issue? - Reboot the computer - Reboot the compute rif you suspect a transitory performance issue. This is a good solution if the problem is unlikely to reoccur.

Which of the following malware symptoms would prompt you to loko at a computer's HOSTS files? - Browser redirection - Browser redirection is a symptom that should prompt you to look at the HOSTS files for malicious entries and verify the DNS servers that are being used. Browser redirection is where the user tries to open one page but gets sent to another.

A user reports to an administrator that an "invalid certificate" error in the Google Chrome browser appears when connecting to secure HTTPS sites. What advise or guidance did the administrator give the user? - Set the computer's date and time to the correct date and time.  - If evey site gives the user an invalid certificate error, the problem is that the computer's date and time are incorrect. If only one site gives the error, then the administrator needs to decide if the user can proceed to the site anyway.


Which of the following issues is most likely to be caused by malware? -
Disappearing files - Disappearing files is a symptom that raises "red flags"
for malware infectoins. This sort of issue is less likely to have other causes
so you should quarantine the system and investigate it closely.

Which of the following can function as both a vector for an symptom of a
malware infection delivered via email? - Spam - Spam is unsolicited email
messages and can serve as both a vector for an symptom of malware infection.
Organizations use enterprise level spam-filtering, but it is still important
to educate users not to click on suspicious links in emails.

Which of the following terms describes when spamming software is installed on
a "zombie" computer? - Hijacked email - Email can be hijacked by malware,
which causes it to send out spam. The hijacked computer acts as a "zombie" PC
for whatever malware has infected it.

Ad administrator is working on a workstatoin and receives an "Access Denied"
message when attempting to access a system file. What is a likely cause of
this message? - Malware has changed file permissions. - File permissions
changing, resulting in "Access Denied" messages, is a symptom that raises "red
flags" for malware infection.  This sort of issue should prompt you to
quarantine the system and investigate it closely.

Which of the following security issues is characterized by a Trojan disguise
as a fake security alert? - Rogue antivirus application. - A rogue antivirus
application typically entices the user to download a Trojan used as anti-virus
software. If the user downloads the Trojan, it can then deliver its payload.

If Windows updates fail, it could be a sign that the state of the system has
changed, which could be an indication of which type of problem? - A virus
infection - A virus that prevents Windows updates from working is the cause of
this behavior. A wirus writer who exploits a vulnerability does not want
Windows updates to correct the problem, so the hacker would disable them.

Which of the following malware symptoms would prompt you to look at a
computer's HOSTS file? - Browser redirection - Browser redirection is a
symptom that should prompt you to look at the HOSTS files for malicious
entries and verify the DNS servers that are being used. Browser redirection is
where the user rties to open one page but gets sent to another.

Which of the following security issues is characterized by a Trojan disguised
as a fake security alert? - Rogue antivirus application - A  rogue antivirus
application typically entices the user to download a Trojan disguised as
anti-virus software. If the user downloads the Trojan, it can then deliver its
payload.

You are working on a laptop that you suspect is infected with malware. You
have quarantined it and disabled system restore. What is the next step? - Make
sure the anti-virus software is fully updated before proceeding. - Make sure
the anti-virus software is fully updated before proceeding. This may be
difficult if the system is infect however, . It may be necessary to remove the
disk and scan it from a different system.

What is the best practice for preventing malware from inadvertently being
reintroduced onto a machine or network? - Disable system restore (in Windows).
- Disable system restore (in Windows) to reduce the risk of reintroducing a
  copy of the malware that has been backed up t at a restore point.

Why are file permission changes an indication of a possible security breach? -
The attacker will attempt to lock out legitimate users. - File permisions
changes are a good indication that a security breach has occurred because
attackers will attempt to lock out legitimate users from their files.

What is the first step of CompTIA's 7 step best practice for malware removal?
- Identify and research malware symptoms. - First, identify and research the
  symptoms. Stay up to doate on the symptoms of new attacks via IT magazines
or websites. Use vendor malware encyclopedia to resarch specific symptoms if
you suspect an infection.

Which of the following symptoms would pomrpt you to repair a device? - No
Bluetooth connectivity - If you have no Bluetooth connectivity, check that the
device is not in airplane mode or that the particular radio has not been
disabled. Next, use SEttings to verify that the Bluetooth pairing information
is correct, and try re-pairing the device.

A user reports receiving the message "Installation Unsuccessful" when
attempting to install any app from the Google Play Store onto an Android
device. What should the administrator do to troubleshoot the problrm? - Clear
the app cache - Clearing the app cache will clear up this problem. In Android,
you can manage an app's cached data and access a Forece Stop optoin through
Settings > Applications > Manage Applications.

Which of the following should you look for if a touchscreen becomes
non-responsive? - TOo many open apps - Too many open apps can cause a
touchscreen to become non-responsive. This is due to the fact that the device
is holding too much data in RAM.

Which of the following is the greatest source of involunatrily leaked personal
and corporate data? - Lost or stolen mobile devices - Lost or stolen mobile
devices are the greatest threat to personal and to corporate data. Measures
such as device encryption, biometric authentication, and remote wiping help
mitigate this risk.

What is the problem with unintended Wi-Fi connections? - The high potential
for data theft - The big problem with unintended Wi-Fi connections is that
there is a high potential for data theft through these non-secured Wi-Fi
devices.

Which of the following conditions should alert a user that a device has been
compromised - Unexaplainably high resource utlitization - High resource
utlization on a device that has not source or apparent explanation is likely
to be a malware infection. It is possible that a rogue app is collecting
information in the background. Check the app usage statistics on the phone to
see if any apps are showing signs onf this.

A company is hosting a weekend holiday party out of town and has asked
employees not to post anything on social media until the retreat is over. Why
did they ask this of employees? - As a safety measure for the employees - It
is a safety measure and best security pratice for user to not post pictures on
social media while out of town. Criminals can use geo-tagged data and context
to identify when a person will not be home.

While troubleshooting a business application, a technician is searching for
helpful articles on the Internet. Which of the following is NOT credible
source of information? - A forum of users trying to troubleshoot the same
problem - A forum of users attempting to troubleshoot the same issue may
provide incorrect information if they are actively troubleshooting the issue.
Reading through a forum can be a good starting point as the discussion may
lead to articles or videos by the vendor.

While trobleshooting a business application, a technician is searching fore
helpful articles on the Internet. Which of the following is NOT credible
source of information? - A forum of users trying to troubleshoot the same
problem. - A forum of users attempting to troubleshoot the same issue may
provide icorrect ifnormation if they are actively troubleshooting the issue.
Reading through a forum can be a good starting point as the discussion may
lead to articles or videos by the vendor.

Which type of incident is most likely to require notificatrion for regulatory
or compliance purposes? - 
Security incident involving a data breach - A security incident report
involving a data breach may require notification for regulatory or compliance
purposes.

Which of the following is an efficient way to identify tangible inventory? - Barcode - A barcode is a pattern of different sized parallel bars, typically represnting a product number. A bardcode reader reports the number back to application software, which links it to a product in a database.

You company updates its Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) once a year. This is an example of which change management best practice? - Document business processes - Documenting business processes helps ensure continuity of operations when new employees start and former employees leave. Any business process that happens throughout the day on a regular basis is a candidate for documentation.

A technician is setting up a change document for a new system. Which of the following does NOT need to be included? - List of logon attempts - The change document does not need to include a list of logon atempts. Only information pertaining to the state of the system is necessary. 

In which part of the change management process is a risk analysis completed? - Request for Change (RFC) - The Request for Change (RFC) is an official requerst to make a change to a system or policy. The risk analysis of the change is submitted with this documentation and is reviewed by a Change Advisory Board (CAB).

A technician is setting up a change document for a new system. Which of the following does NOT need to be included? - List of logon attempts - The change document does not need to include a list of logon attempts. Only information pertaining to the state of the system is necessary.


