Az-900

which of the following is not true about cloud computing? - Cloud computing resources are usually limited to specific geographic regions. - Most cloud computing resources can be distributed to glocal datacenters.

True or false: You need to purchase an Azure account before you can use any resources. - False - You can use a free Azure account or a Microsoft Learn sandbox to create resources.

True or false: In an IaaS environment, the cloud tenant is responsible for routine hardware maintenance. - False -  In an IaaS environment, the cloud provider is responsible for any hardware maintenance.

Which of the following choices isn't a cloud computing category? - Networking
as a Service

Which of the following statements is true? - With Operating Expenses (OpEx)
you are only repsonsible for the computing reesources that you use.

Which of the following options isn't a type of cloud computing? - Distributed
cloud.

Which of the following choices isn't a benefit of using cloud services? -
Geographic isolation.

Which of the following can be used to manage governance across multiple Azure
subscriptions? - Management groups = Management groups facilitate the
hierarchical order of Azure resources into collecctions, at a elvel of scope
above subscriptions. Distinct governance conditions can be applied to each
management group, with Azure Policy and Azure role-based access controls, to
manage Azure subscriptions effectively. The resources and ubscriptions
assigned to a management group automatically inherit the conditions applied to
the management group.

Which of the following is a logical unit of Azure services that links to an
Azure account? Azure subscription.

Which of the following features doesn't apply to resources groups? - Resource
groups can be nested - True - they cannot be nested.

Which of the following statements is a valid statement about an Azure
subscription? - A subscription is a set of Azure services bundled together for
tracking and billing purposes.

Your development team is interested in writing Graph-based applications that
take advantage of the Gremlin API. Which option would be ideal for that
scenario? - Azure Cosmos DB supports SQL, MondoDB, Cassandra, Tables and
Gremlin APIs.

Tailwind Traders uses the LAMP stack for several of its websites. Which option
would be ideal for migration? - Azure database for MySQL is the logical choice
for existing LAMP stack applications.

Tailwind Traders has millions of log entries that it wants to analyze. Which
option would be ideal for analysis? - Azure Synapse Analytics is the logical
choice for analyzing large volumes of data.

Which Azure computer resource can be deployed to manage a set of identical
virtual machines? - Virtual machine sets.

Which of the following services sshould be used when the primary concern is to
perform work in response to an event (often via a REST command) that needs a
response in a few seconds? Azure Functions

Your company has a team of remote works that needd to use Windows-based
software to develop your company's applications, but your team members are
using various operating systems like MacOS, Linux, and Windows. Which Azure
computer service would help resolve this scenario? - Windows Virtual Desktop.

What is the first step that you would take in order to share an image file as
a blob in Azure Storage? - Create an Azure Storage account.

Which Azure Storage option is better for storing data for backup and restore,
disaster recovery and archiving? - Azure Blob Storage.

Tailwind Traders wants to create a secure communication tunnel between its
branch office. Which of the following technologies can't be used? - Implicit
FTP over SSL - FTP over SSL can't be used to create a secure communication
tunnel.

Tailwind Traders wants to use Azure ExpressRoute to connect its on-premise
network to the Microsoft cloud. Whih of the following choices isn't an
ExpressRoute model that Tailwind Traders can use? - Site-to-site virtual private
network - A site-to-site virtual private network isn't an ExpressRoute model.

Which of the following options can you use to link virtual networks? - Virtual
network peering - Virtual network peering - Virtual network peering can be
used to link virtual networks.

Which of the following options isn't a benefit of ExpressRoute? - Encrypted
network communication - ExpressRoute does provide private connectivity, but it
isn't encrypted.

You need to predict future behavior based on previous actions. Which product
option should you select as a candidate? - Azure Machine Learning - Azure
Machine Learning enables you to build models to predict the likelihood of a
future result. It should not be eliminated as a candidate.

You need to create a human-computer interface that uses natural language to
answer customer questions. Which product option should you selecty as a
candidate? - Azure Bot Service - Azure Bot Service creates virtual agent
solutions that utilize natural language. It should not be eliminated as a
candidate.

You needd to identify the content of product images to automatically create
alt tags for images formatted properly. Which product option is the best
candidate? - Azure Cognitive Services - Azure Cognitive Services includes
Vision services that can identify the content of an image. Azure Cognitive
Services is the best candidate.

Which of the following choices would not be used to automate a CI/CD process?
- Azure Boards - Azure Boards is an agile projecct-management tool. It would
  not be use to automate a CI/CD process.

Which service could help you manage the VMs that your developers and testers
need to ensure that your new ap works across various operating systems? -
Azure DevTest Labs - Azure DevTest Labs is used to manage VMs for testing,
including configuration, provisioning, and automatic de-provisioning.

Which service lacks features to assign individual developers tasks to work on?
- Azure Pipelines - Azure Pipelines is a CI/CD tool for building an automated
  toolchain. It lacks features to assign tasks for individual developers to
work on. However, it can automate otther tools to assign tasks to users.

 
You want to be alerted when new recommendations to improve your cloud
environment are available. Which service will do this? - Azure Advisor - Azure
Advisor can alert you when new recommendations are available.

Which service provides officla outage root cause analyses (RCAs) for Azure
incidents? - Azure Service Health - Azure Service Health provides incident
history and RCAs to share with your stakeholders.

Which service is a platform that power Applicatoin INsights, monitoring for
VMs, containers, and Kubernetes? - Azure Monitorr - Azure Monitor is the
platform used by Application Insights.

As an administrator, you need to retrieve the IP address from a particular VM
by using Bash. Which of the following tools should you use? - The Azure CLI -
The Azure CLI enables you to use Bash to run one-off tasks on Azure.

You're a developer who needs to set up your first VM to host a process that
runs nightly. Which of the following tools is your best choice? - The Azure
portal - The Azure portal is a great place for newcomers to learn about Azure
and set up their first resources.

What is the best infrastructure-as-code option for quickly and reliably
setting up your entire cloud infrastructure declaratively? - ARM templates -
ARM templates are the best infrastructure-as-code option for quickly and
reliably setting up your entire cloud infrastructure declaratively.

You need to process messages from a queue, parse them by using some existing
imperative logic written in Java, and then send them to a third party API.
Which serverless option should you choose? - Azure Functions - Azure Functions
is the correct choice because you can use existing Java code with minimal
modification.

You want to orchestrate a workflow by using APIs from several well-known
services. which is the best option for this scenario? - Azure Logic Apps -
Azure Logic Apps make it easy to create a workflow across well-known services
with less effort than writing code and manually orchestrating all the steps
yourself.

Your team has limited experience with writing custom code, but it sees
tremendous value in automating several important business processes. Which of
the following options is your team's best option? - Azure Logic Apps - Azure
Logic Apps is best suted for users who are more confrtable in a visual
environment that allows them to automate their business processes. Logic Apps
is the best option in this scenario.

A company wants to build a new voting kiosk for sales to governments around
the world. Which IoT technologies should the company choose to ensure the
highest degree of security? - Azure Sphere - Azure Sphere provides the highest
degree of security to ensure the device has not been tampered with.

A company wants to quickly manage its individual IoT devices by using a
web-based user interface. Which IoT technology should it use? - IoT Central -
IoT Central quickly creates a web-based management portal to enable reporting
and communication with IoT devices.

You want to send messages from the IoT device to the cloud and vice versa.
Which IoT technology can send and receive messages? - IoT Hub - An IoT hub
communicates to IoT deices by sending and receiving messages.

Azure Sentinel - MSFT cloud based SIEM system.

How can Tailwind Traders enforce having only certain applications run on its
VMs? - Create an application control rule in Azure Security Center - With
Azure Security Center, you can define a list of allowed applications to ensure
that only applications you allow can run. Azure Security Center can alos
detect and block malware from being installed on your VMs.

What's the easiest way for Tailwind Traders to combine security data from all
of its monitoring tools into oa single report that it can take action on? -
Collect security data in Azure Sentinel - Azure Sentine is Microsoft's cloud
based SIEM. A SIEM aggregates security data from many different sources to
provide additional capabilities for threaet detection and responding to
threats.

Which is the best way for Tailwind Traders to safely storer its certificates
so that they are accessible to cloud VMs? - Store the certificates in Azure
Key Vault - Azure Key Vault - Azure Key Vault enables you to store your
secrets in a single central location. Key Vault also makes it easier to enroll
and renew certificatees from public certificate authorities (CAs).

How can Tailwind Traders ensure that certain VM workloads are physically
isolated from workloads being run by other Azure customers? - Run the VMs on
Azure Dedicated Host - Azure Dedicated Host provides dedicated physical
servers to host your Azure VMs for Windows and Linux.

An attacker can bring down your website byb sending a large volume of network
traffic to your servers. Which Azure service can help Tailwind Traders protect
its App Service instance from this kind of attack? - Azure DDoS Protection -
Azure DDoS Protection helps protect your Azure resources from DDoS attacks. A
DDoS attack attempts to overwhelm and exhaust an application's resources,
making the application slow or unresponsive to legitimate users.

What's the best way for Tailwind Traders to limit all outbound traffic from VMs
to known hosts? - Create application rules in Azure Firewall. Azure Firewall
enables you to limit outbound HTTP/S traffic to a specified list of fully
qualified domain names (FQDNs).

How can Tailwind Traders most eaasily implement a deny by default policy so
that VMs can't connect to each other? - Create a network security group rule
that prevents access from another VM on the same network. - A network security
group rule enables you to filter traffic to and from resources by source an
destination IP address, port, and protocol.

How can the IT department ensure that employees at the company's retail stores
can access company applications only from approved tablet devices? -
Conditional Access - Conditional Access enables you to require users to access
your applications only from approved, or managed device.

How can the IT department use biometric properties, such as facial recognition
to enable delivery drivers to prove their identities? - Multifactor
Authentication - Authenticating through multifactor can include something the
user knows, something the user has, and something the user is.

How can the IT department reduce the number of times users must authenticate
to access multiple applications. - SSO - SSO enables a user to remember only
one ID and one password to access multiple applications.

How can Tailwind Traders aallow some users to control the virtual machines in
each environment but prevent them from modifying netweorking and other
resources in the same resource group or Azure subscription? - Create a role
assisntment through Azure role-based access control (Azure RBAC). - Azure RBAC
enables you to create roles that define access permissions. You might create
one role that limits access only to virtual machines and a second role that
provides administrators with access to everything.

Which si the best way for Tailwind Traders to ensure that the team deploys
only cost-effective virtual machine SKU sizes? - Create a policy in Azure
Policy that specifies the allowed SKU sizes - After you enable this policy,
that policy is applied when you create new virtual machins or resize existing
ones. Azure Policy also evaluates any current virtual machines in your
environment.

Which is likely the best way for Tailwind Traders to identify which billing
department each Azure resource belongs to? - Apply a tag to each resource that
includes the associated billing department. - Tags provide extra information,
or metadata about your resources. The team might create a tag that's named
BillingDept whose value would be the name of the billing department. You can
use Azure Policy to ensure that the proper tags are assigned when resources
are provisioned.

Where can the team access details about the personal data Microsoft processes
and how the company processes it, including for Cortana?-  Microsoft Privacy
Statement - The Microsoft Privacy Statement provides information that's
relevant to specific services, including Cortana.

Where can the legal team access information around how the Microsoft cloud
helps them secure sensitive data and comply with applicable laws and
regulations? - Trust Center - The Trust Center is a great resource for people
in your organization who might play a role in security, privacy and
compliance.

Where can the IT department find reference blueprints that it can apply
directly to its Azure subscriptions? - The compliance documentation provides
reference blueprints, or policy definitions for common standards that you can
apply to your Azure subscription.

Which is the best first step the team should take to compare the cost of
running these environments on Azure versus in their datacenter? - Run the
Total Cost of Ownership Calculator. - Running the Total Cost of Ownership
Calculator is a great first step because it can provide an accurate comparison
of running workloads in the datacenter versus on Azure, certified by an
independent research company.

What's the best way to ensure that the development team doesn't provision too
many virtual machines at the saame time? - Apply spending limits to the
development team's Azure subscription. - If you exceed your spending limit,
active resources are deallocated. you can then decide whether to increase your
limit or provision fewer resources.

Which is the most efficient way for the testing team to save costs on virtual
machines on weekends, when testers are not at work? - Deallocate virtual
machines when they're not in use. - When you deallocate virtual machines, the
associated hard disks and data are still kept in Azure. But you don't pay for
CPU or network consnumption, which can help save costs.

Resources in the Dev and Test environments are each paid for by different
departments. What's the best way to categorize costs by department? - Apply a
tag to each virtual machine that identifies the appropriate billing
department. - You can apply tags to groups of Azure resources to organize
billing data.

What's the SLA for Azure Maps in terms of guaranteed uptime? - 99.9 percent -
Correct.

What's the new composite SLA? - Remember th enew SLA includes a third virtual
machine and Azure Maps. - 99.58 percent - Correct - To compute the composite
SLA for a set of services, you multiply the SLA of each individual service.

Adding a third virtual machine reduces the composite SLA. How can Tailwind
Traders offset this reduction? - Deploy extra instances of the same virtual
machines across the different availability zones in the same Azure region. -
Correct - If one availability zone is affected, your virtual machine instance
in the other availability zone should be unaffected.

What approach might the company take in adding the augmented reality (AR)
preview service to its architecture? - The development team can create a
prototype version of the app that includes the AR service that it tests out
with select retail employees. - Correct - After the AR service reaches general
availability (GA), the team can roll it out to production.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

az-204
Microsoft POwer Automate - Implementing this allows a creative team to manage
the workflow.

Azure App Service WebJobs - is the only technology that permits developers to
control retry policies.

Azure Logic Apps is the only one of the four technologies that provides a
design-first approach intended for developers.

A CRON expression is a string that consists of six fields that represent a set
of times. The order of the six fields in Azure is {second} {minute} {hour}
{day} {month} {day of the week}. Suppose you needded a CRON expression that
meant "Every day", what special cahracter would you put in the day of the week
position? - * - An asterisk specifies that every possible value should be
selected. Having an asterisk in the day of the week field means that every day
should be selected.

Supposed your Azure Functions has a blob trigger associated with it and you
want it to execute only when png images are iuploaded. Which of the following
blob trigger Path values should you use? - samples-workitems/{name}.png - The
Path tells you the blob trigger where it should monitor for changes, and if
there are any filters appllied. Adding a file extension so the Path specifies
that uploaded files must have that file extension in order for the trigger to
invoke the function.

True or false: an Azure Function can have multiple triggers associated with
it? - False - Every Azure Functoin must have exactly one trigger associated
with it. If you want to use multiple triggers, you must create multiple
functions.
 
Which of the following best defines serverless logic? - Code you write that runs on servers a cloud provider manages.  - Serverless doesn't mean there are no servers - it just means that the developer doesn't have to worry about servers. Instead, a cloud provider such as Azure, manages servers.

ner that groups functions into a logical unit for easier management,
deployment and sharing of resources is called? - Function app - A function app
is a way to organize and collectively manage your functions. A function app is
comprised of one or more individual functions that are managed together by
Azure App Service. all the functions in a function app share the same pricing
plan, continous deployment and runtime version.

We secure our function against unknown HTTP callers by requiring a
function-specific API key to be passed with each call. Which of the following
fields is the name header in the HTTP requests that needs to contain this key?
- x-functions-key - The API can be included in a query string variable named
  "code", or it can be included in an x-functions-key HTTP header.

Which of the following is an advantage of using bindings in your Azure
Functions to access data sources and data sinks? - They simmplify the
connection process; you don't need to code specific connection logic. -
Bindings provide a declarative way to connecct to data. They let you avoid the
complexity of coding connection logic like making a database connectoin or
invoking web API interfaces.

What is the name of the file that contains function configuration data? -
function.json - The configuration is named function.json, which contains JSON
configuration data such as binding declarations.

How many triggers must a function have? - One - A function must have exactly
one trigger.

What is Durable Functions? - Durable Functions is an extension of Azure
Functions, that allow you to simplify complex stateful executions in a
serverless-environment - Correct- Durable Functions is a an extension of Azure
Functions, that allow you to simplify complex stateful executions in a
serverless environment.

Which of the following best describes the rol of the Orchestrator Function in
a workflow - It's used for describing how actions are eecuted and the order in
which actions are executed. - The Orchestrator Function is written in code.
The function is used for describing how actoins are executed and the order in
which actions are executed.

Which of the following best explains why the Human Interaction application
patter benefits from Durable Functions? - A manual process within and
automated process because people aren't as highly avaiable and as responsive
as computers. - HUman interactions can be incorporated using timeouts and
compensation logic.



